It's really a good show, Zhou Xun
But this is enough to prove that you are just like Mu Wanqing
Just a self-righteous fool
You don't think
Get some information on my 9 family
Nonsense here
Say a few words
Let's kneel down and sing conquest
You are too funny
Even if the descendants of the Wang family and the Bai family are emperors
No big deal
But the two are now rich in heritage
Enough for them to live a life of fine clothes and jade food
As for the remaining unicorn statues
Don't worry, we'll collect it all.
It's just that after collecting it all
Cut it all off
Cut it down and step on a few feet to let the world know.
Our nine ethnic groups in Southern Province have achieved today
It's not because of these myths
It is the legacy of our ancestors
Our own ring bone struggle
Thanks for reminding
Otherwise, I would have been scared by him
My Bai family medicine field has tens of thousands of acres
All kinds of sincere medicinal materials are unique to my family
A lot of people send money to my house every day
Just for a life-saving service
Even if I am white and diligent, what if my medical skills are excellent?
I'm still living the life of a rich daughter
Any piece of jewelry I wear
It's worth it, you poor bastard
Several years' salary
What right do you have to teach me a lesson?
My Wang Yueru is the right-hand man of the Night War God
About to follow him to the Angel Feast of Denny
Become one of the ingenuity of the fairy world
And my Wang family is about to enter the gate of generals
Even if my Wang Yueru is an embroidered pillow
So what?
If you have the ability, you can let the Temple of God kick me down
If not
With me.
You're just an innocent person who can be killed
Dafang Robbery Temple
And just the father of no way
Someone came and carried it up to my Bai family unicorn stone statue
What do you want?